# Capabilities


## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**api_version** | **String** | Version number of the openEO specification this back-end implements. | [default to nothing]
**backend_version** | **String** | Version number of the back-end implementation. Every change on back-end side MUST cause a change of the version number. | [default to nothing]
**stac_version** | **String** | The [version of the STAC specification](https://github.com/radiantearth/stac-spec/releases), which MAY not be equal to the [STAC API version](#tag/EO-Data-Discovery/STAC). Supports versions 0.9.x and 1.x.x. | [default to nothing]
**type** | **String** | For STAC versions &gt;&#x3D; 1.0.0-rc.1 this field is required. | [optional] [default to nothing]
**id** | **String** | Identifier for the service. This field originates from STAC and is used as unique identifier for the STAC catalog available at &#x60;/collections&#x60;. | [default to nothing]
**title** | **String** | The name of the service. | [default to nothing]
**description** | **String** | A description of the service, which allows the service provider to introduce the user to its service. [CommonMark 0.29](http://commonmark.org/) syntax MAY be used for rich text representation. | [default to nothing]
**conformsTo** | **Vector{String}** | Lists all conformance classes specified in various standards that the implementation conforms to. Conformance classes are commonly used in all OGC APIs and the STAC API specification.  The general openEO conformance class is &#x60;https://api.openeo.org/1.2.0&#x60;. See the individual openEO API extensions for their conformance classes.  This property is REQUIRED for STAC API versions 1.0.0-beta.1 and later. | [optional] [default to nothing]
**production** | **Bool** | Specifies whether the implementation is ready to be used in production use (&#x60;true&#x60;) or not (&#x60;false&#x60;). Clients SHOULD only connect to non-production implementations if the user explicitly confirmed to use a non-production implementation. This flag is part of &#x60;GET /.well-known/openeo&#x60; and &#x60;GET /&#x60;. It MUST be used consistently in both endpoints. | [optional] [default to false]
**endpoints** | [**Vector{Endpoint}**](Endpoint.md) | Lists all supported endpoints. Supported are all endpoints, which are implemented, return usually a 2XX or 3XX HTTP status code and are fully compatible to the API specification. An entry for this endpoint (path &#x60;/&#x60; with method &#x60;GET&#x60;) SHOULD NOT be listed. Each path MUST only be listed once in the array. | [default to nothing]
**billing** | [***Billing**](Billing.md) |  | [optional] [default to nothing]
**links** | [**Vector{Link}**](Link.md) | Links related to this service, e.g. the homepage of the service provider or the terms of service.  It is highly RECOMMENDED to provide links with the following &#x60;rel&#x60; (relation) types:  1. &#x60;version-history&#x60;: A link back to the Well-Known URL (including &#x60;/.well-known/openeo&#x60;, see the corresponding endpoint for details) to allow clients to work on the most recent version.  2. &#x60;terms-of-service&#x60;: A link to the terms of service. If a back-end provides a link to the terms of service, the clients MUST provide a way to read the terms of service and only connect to the back-end after the user agreed to them. The user interface MUST be designed in a way that the terms of service are not agreed to by default, i.e. the user MUST explicitly agree to them.  3. &#x60;privacy-policy&#x60;: A link to the privacy policy (GDPR). If a back-end provides a link to a privacy policy, the clients MUST provide a way to read the privacy policy and only connect to the back-end after the user agreed to them. The user interface MUST be designed in a way that the privacy policy is not agreed to by default, i.e. the user MUST explicitly agree to them.  4. &#x60;service-desc&#x60; or &#x60;service-doc&#x60;: A link to the API definition. Use &#x60;service-desc&#x60; for machine-readable API definition and  &#x60;service-doc&#x60; for human-readable API definition. Required if full OGC API compatibility is desired.  5. &#x60;conformance&#x60;: A link to the Conformance declaration (see &#x60;/conformance&#x60;).  Required if full OGC API compatibility is desired.  6. &#x60;data&#x60;: A link to the collections (see &#x60;/collections&#x60;). Required if full OGC API compatibility is desired.  7. &#x60;create-form&#x60;: A link to a user registration page.  8. &#x60;recovery-form&#x60;: A link to a page where a user can recover a user account (e.g. to reset the password or send a reminder about the username to the user&#39;s email account).  For additional relation types see also the lists of [common relation types in openEO](#section/API-Principles/Web-Linking). | [default to nothing]


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


