# Service


## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **String** | A per-backend unique identifier of the secondary web service, generated by the back-end during creation. MUST match the specified pattern. | [default to nothing]
**title** | **String** | A short description to easily distinguish entities. | [optional] [default to nothing]
**description** | **String** | Detailed multi-line description to explain the entity.  [CommonMark 0.29](http://commonmark.org/) syntax MAY be used for rich text representation. | [optional] [default to nothing]
**url** | **String** | URL at which the secondary web service is accessible. Doesn&#39;t necessarily need to be located within the API. | [default to nothing]
**type** | **String** | Definition of the service type to access result data. All available service types can be retrieved via &#x60;GET /service_types&#x60;. Service types MUST be accepted in a *case insensitive* manner. | [default to nothing]
**enabled** | **Bool** | Describes whether a secondary web service is responding to requests (true) or not (false). Disabled services don&#39;t produce any costs. | [default to nothing]
**process** | [***ProcessGraphWithMetadata**](ProcessGraphWithMetadata.md) |  | [optional] [default to nothing]
**configuration** | **Any** | Map of configuration settings, i.e. the setting names supported by the secondary web service combined with actual values. See &#x60;GET /service_types&#x60; for supported configuration settings. For example, this could specify the required version of the service, visualization details or any other service dependant configuration. | [optional] [default to nothing]
**attributes** | **Any** | Additional attributes of the secondary web service, e.g. available layers for a WMS based on the bands in the underlying GeoTiff. | [optional] [default to nothing]
**created** | **ZonedDateTime** | Date and time of creation, formatted as a [RFC 3339](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc3339.html) date-time. | [optional] [default to nothing]
**plan** | **String** | The billing plan to process and charge the job or service with.  Billing plans MUST be handled in a *case insensitive* manner.  The plans can be retrieved from &#x60;GET /&#x60;, but the value returned here may not be in the list of plans any longer. | [optional] [default to nothing]
**costs** | **Float64** | An amount of money or credits. The value MUST be specified in the currency the back-end is working with. The currency can be retrieved by calling &#x60;GET /&#x60;. If no currency is set, this field MUST be &#x60;null&#x60;. | [optional] [default to nothing]
**budget** | **Float64** | Maximum amount of costs the request is allowed to produce. The value MUST be specified in the currency of the back-end. No limits apply, if the value is &#x60;null&#x60; or the back-end has no currency set in &#x60;GET /&#x60;. | [optional] [default to nothing]
**usage** | [***ServiceUsage**](ServiceUsage.md) |  | [optional] [default to nothing]
**log_level** | [***MinLogLevelDefault**](MinLogLevelDefault.md) |  | [optional] [default to nothing]


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


