# UserData


## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**user_id** | **String** | A unique user identifier specific to the back-end, which could either be chosen by a user or is automatically generated by the back-end during the registration process at the back-end. It is meant to be used as an identifier in URIs (e.g. for sharing purposes), which is primarily used in machine-to-machine communication. Preferrably use the human-readable property &#x60;name&#x60; to display the user&#39;s name in user interfaces instead of the user identifier. | [default to nothing]
**name** | **String** | The user name, a human-friendly displayable name. Could be  the user&#39;s real name or a nickname. | [optional] [default to nothing]
**default_plan** | **String** | Name of the single plan the user is currently subscribed to if any. | [optional] [default to nothing]
**storage** | [***UserStorage**](UserStorage.md) |  | [optional] [default to nothing]
**budget** | **Float64** | The remaining budget a user has available. The value MUST be specified in the currency of the back-end. The value SHOULD be set to &#x60;null&#x60; if no explicit limit applies. | [optional] [default to nothing]
**links** | [**Vector{Link}**](Link.md) | Links related to the user profile, e.g. where payments are handled or the user profile could be edited.  It is RECOMMENDED to provide links with the following &#x60;rel&#x60; (relation) types:  1. &#x60;payment&#x60;: A page where users can recharge their user account with money or credits.  2. &#x60;edit-form&#x60;: Points to a page where the user can edit his user profile.  3. &#x60;alternate&#x60;: Any other representation of these (and potentially additional) user information, e.g. the (public) user profile page. It is RECOMMENDED to add descriptive titles for a better user experience.  4. &#x60;related&#x60;: Any other user-specific links to be shown in clients, e.g. to user-specific settings, invoices, etc. It is RECOMMENDED to  add descriptive titles for a better user experience.  For additional relation types see also the lists of [common relation types in openEO](#section/API-Principles/Web-Linking). | [optional] [default to nothing]


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


